Add test plans for lecturer interface (#114)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/lecturer-interface-frontend/plans/u-lecturer-interface-12-change-game-of-minigame.md

> # Lecturer-Interface: Change game of minigame (`u.lecturer-interface-12`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Lecturer-Interface: Change game of minigame spot (`u.lecturer-interface-12`)
```

Version: V1.0, 09.08.2022 \
Author: Max Kästner

## Description

The game of a minigame can be changed in a dropdown. For minigames of a world the path is `/courses/<course-id>/worlds/<world-index>/minigames` and for a dungeon `/courses/<course-id>/worlds/<world-index>/dungeons/<dungeon-index>/minigames`.

## Precondition

> At least one course is created. The tester is on the view of an area minigames list as described in the description above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least one course is created. The tester is located where the minigames of an area are listed.
```

## Postcondition

> A game of a minigame was changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The game to play for the minigame spot was changed.
```

## Typical procedure

> 1. Click on a dropwdown of a minigame to change the game
> 2. Select a specific game
> 3. A feedback toast message appears which contains that game was updated
> 4. The game is now displayed in the dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the dropwdown of a minigame to change the game
2. Select a specific game
3. A success message appears
4. The game is now displayed in the dropdown
```

## Alternative procedures

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2.1. Cancel the edit by closing the dropdown without selecting a game \
3.1. Select the already selected game - nothing happens \
3.2. Select the already selected game - a warning is displayed
```

Author: one same thing but two different reactions?

Reviewer: I've taken the freedom of interpreting `alternative procedures` as `how could we plausibly react in this error/ edge case?` instead of `how do we react to this error/ edge case at the moment?`.
I don't know if everything in the alternative procedures must be implemented, I would have said it is also possible to list other plausible, but not chosen, error handlings.

Author: ```suggestion
2.1. Cancel the edit by closing the dropdown without selecting a game \
3.1. Select the already selected game - nothing happens
```
